Regarding ICC Lord's Elevate Plan,
which has brought the most powerful unique feature in the industry,
which can be very powerful
and wonderful for you. There is
a feature called Power Booster, in which your
sum assured will increase by 100% every year, whether a claim is made or not.
If someone has taken a policy of 20 lakhs, then its sum assured will keep
increasing by 20 lakhs every year and
this too will be an
infinite boost. This
means that there will be no limit on the increase in your sum assured.
In 10 years, the policy will increase 10
times, in
20 years it will increase 30 times, in 30 years it will increase
40 times, by default it will keep
increasing and will never
reverse, it will never come down,
whether a claim is made or not. This is another
industry first such feature which no
one else has in the entire market.
[Music]
Hello friends, today I am going to talk to you
about ICICI Lord's Elevate Plan, which has
brought the most powerful unique feature in the industry, which is
very wonderful for you.  It can be even more amazing.
Friends, it
is very important to watch this video carefully till the end. My name is
Yogendra Verma. I am a health insurance coach
and have been in this industry for the last 28 years
and I keep informing people about the new and updated
plans.
Please click the bell icon, only
then will you keep getting all the latest updates. So, we will
talk about an industry-first
unique and special feature
called Infinity Claim. Yes friends, this is
such a great feature which no
other company in the entire industry has. Even if you face
any big claim in your policy once in your lifetime, even if
your policy is reduced, you will
get a claim in your policy.
Suppose the policy is of 10 lakhs and if a
claim of ₹ crore comes in your policy, even then you will get a
claim in this policy.
You can claim any amount unlimited once in your lifetime.
You will get such a unique feature only in the Elevate plan.
This is the first industry-first great
feature on which you should focus. Let's
talk about the feature called Booster Power
Booster, such a power boost.  The Booster feature
in which you get a no-claim bonus.
What happens in other companies?
You will get a bonus only when there is no claim.
Here, a feature called Power Booster
is provided in which your sum will increase by 100% every year whether your claim comes or not.
If someone has
taken a policy of 20 lakhs, then it will keep increasing by 202 lakh rupees every year
and this too will be an
in-feat boost. It will be a sum short boost, that is, there will be no
limit on the increase in your sum short.
In 10 years, the policy will increase 10 times,
in 20 years it will increase 20 times, in 30 years it will increase
30 times, in 40 years it will increase 40 times
by default. It will keep increasing, it will keep
increasing and will never reverse, it will never
come down, whether there is a claim
or not. This is another industry
first such feature which no one else has in the entire market,
which is why you should
look at the Elevate product. Next,
friends, you must have seen a lot of sum shorts, you must have
seen a lot of working
sum shorts of up to Rs 1 crore, 2 crore and 3 crore
in the market.  It is available. Even a
sum assured of Rs 6 crore is also available in the market,
but let me tell you that the
option of unlimited sum assured is available in the Elevate plan, which
means that the customer can choose unlimited by choice. Instead of
your sum assured, you will
see 'Unlimited' written, which will be
unique and powerful in itself, which can be very powerful for you, that is,
your claim can be of Rs 1
crore, Rs 5 crore, Rs 10 crore, Rs 50 crore,
any amount claimed, your
policy will be prefixed for unlimited amount.
All these HR & I customers are liking this option
very much, due to which
you should look at the Elevate product. I am
telling you about this third unique industry first feature,
which no one in the entire industry has.
Unlimited sum insured will be
written like this in the policy. Fourth, another
amazing feature is called Jump Start. The
company is offering such an option if someone has
BP, diabetes, asthma, thyroid
or any other disease for which they can have a
minimum waiting period.  If you start the policy
here, you can choose the option of Jump Start, in
which after 30 days
you have four-five diseases like someone has
diabetes, hyperlipidemia, asthma,
obesity or hypertension, if you have any
disease, you should disclose and take the policy
and these diseases will be covered in Jump Start after 30 days
because it is a
very good and great feature in itself, there are more features
too, I have mentioned these four features
which are great in the industry, there are great features in this plan due to
which people are
preferring this plan, so the
name of the four features is Inite Care, number two Power Booster,
number three
Effine, four Jump Start which is a very very
unique and great feature on which you
should focus, there are some other features as well, there are some
extra riders too which you have to
understand carefully which is personalize your claim experience,
your claim experience will be very
good, number one is the option of consumable items for non-payable items,
here you
can choose the ride of consumable items
so that you get the cover of non-payable items  You will
not have to pay for the sum insured increase.
You will get
a feature in the name of inflation protector in any year. Whether your
claim comes or not, you will be inflation protected.
Your insurance will keep increasing every year from 5 to 6 years.
And there is another feature which is
called air ambulance. Air ambulance
feature has coverage up to the sum insured.
In case of emergency, if you have to shift from one hospital to another, then
you can also use these features.
Which is a very unique and good feature
is personalized maternity benefit. Yes
friends, if you
want to take a maternity rider in this plan, then you can definitely take it.
Delivery expenses are covered. There will be a maximum
cover of up to ₹1 lakh for 10% off sum shot
and you can make maternity claim after 2 years. If we
talk about medical expenses in this, then it will cover
double of the sum shot for the new born baby and this is in addition to the sum shot. Keep in
mind that thirdly, it
also covers vaccination expenses for the new born
baby.
You can cover expenses up to ₹1000000 or a maximum of ₹1000000 for vaccinations up to the first year.
Next, there is a room modification option,
which is very unique and powerful in the industry. If
you want to increase the room category,
you can avail this
rider. You can avail any room.
Even if you want to reduce the premium in your policy, you
can downgrade it to a sharing room. If you want double sharing or
triple sharing, your
premium will become cheaper. You will have this option for
dependent accommodation. There
is a great feature in this, in which you will
get daily expenses of ₹1 per day if the hospitalization is for 3 days
or more.
You will get this for up to 10 days in the entire year.
That is called dependent accommodation
if you take this rider. Next is
compassionate visit if any travel expenses are
required in case of medical emergency.  Because of this
and you have chosen this writer
Compassionate Visit, then
you can claim a premium of up to ₹0000
and you can use this benefit up to ₹000 for conveyance for immediate
relative, whoever is your immediate relative. There are
some
more special features which is called
Nursing at Home, if you have to get any home care
treatment done at home, in which
you can claim for ₹ per day or up to 10 days.
If you get any home care
treatment done, similarly equipment
durable medical equipment cover, this is also an
inbuilt feature which is
not covered in most of the policies, if the
need for any durable increases, be it a wheelchair,
ventilator, suction machine, up to
the sum of ₹1 lakh and maximum up to ₹1 lakh, you
can use it. Conveyance benefit,
which is also called recovery benefit,
you can avail it up to a lump sum of ₹1000.  If the lysis is for a day or
more,
you will get Conveyance Benefit in One Go,
which is very unique. Next, if we
talk about health checkup, then
health checkup is inbuilt in the policy. You can get health checkup done on 0.5% off sum
or up to a maximum of ₹000
in the policy on a cashless
basis, which is a very good and unique feature.
Talking about B Fit, B Fit is an OPD
rider which you can choose in it. Six to
seven types of OPD options are available in it,
in which you can get medicines, any
consultation and get your tests done,
etc. You can claim all these features through B Fit.
Talking about tele consultations, anytime
support is available in it, you
can use unlimited consultations at any time. Plus, if you
want to reduce the waiting period for maternity, then an option
is available for this also. If you want to convert from 2 years to 1 year, then you will have to pay a
little extra premium.
And after 1 year, maternity will be covered up
to ₹1 lakh. You
may want to make a voluntary payment. Right now, your policy is 100% cashless,
but if you want to make a payment, you
can make it on your own, say 10%, 20%,
30%, 40%, 50%. Accordingly, your
premium will become cheaper, but it will be a loss.
Friends, you will have to make a
payment on every claim, which is painful. This will be
your choice.
Talking about Network Advantage, there is a special feature
called PPN Advantage.
If you want to get treatment in our Preferred Partner Network
and get it done only in that network,
you will get a 10%
discount in premium.
You will also get a 10% discount in premium,
but do it thoughtfully. If you
are in metro cities, it will be manageable. If you
are in non-metro cities, then you will face problems, so
you should not take that trouble. There are
two more special riders which are
very good, one of which is Personal Accident
and the other is 20% Critical Illness Rider.  If you
take your accidental cover along with the health insurance policy, then up to
sum of Rs. 50 lakh is available in this policy
and 20 critical illnesses
are covered in which there is zero waiting period and
no survival period. You can
also add a critical illness plan of up to Rs. 10 lakh
as a rider and can choose it.
Five types of discounts
are available in the policy which is amazing in itself. The
first discount is in which you can get up to 15%
off for long term and if you
want to get a discount of 15% then you will have to take a 3 year
policy. You will
get a discount of 15% upfront. If you take a premium for 2 years then there will be a
discount of 10%. Let's talk about
civil discount. If your civil
score is good then you get a discount of 15% on that too. And let's
talk about one more thing, if you get your renewal done a month in advance then
you will get another upfront discount of up to 5%. Next is
PPN network which I just told you.
Choose preferred partner network hospital.
And
even if you get the treatment done in the same plan, you can get a discount of Rs 10 on the premium.
Last but not the least, there is another one which is called
wellness discount. Yes, if you
use the wellness program of ICS Lord, then you
can avail discount from Rs 2 to Rs 30 on the premium. The maximum of all these discounts
cannot be availed more than Rs 30.
You can avail any
discount as per your wish but the
company will not allow this discount more than Rs 30. Special
care has to be taken of this. There are some amazing inbuilt features.
I have just
told you the options of all the riders. Seeing the inbuilt features here,
you will feel happy and it will feel amazing.
Talking about inpatient up to some shot, it
is covered in the policy. Talking about pre and post, the
expenses of 90 days before and the expenses of 180 days
after are inbuilt covers. I am telling you about all these
inbuilt features. Talking about reset benefit,
unlimited
restoration is available here. Rs 10 lakh free with Rs 10 lakh and Rs 20 lakh
free with Rs 20 lakh.  Free and
unlimited time free, which is very
unique and great. Talking about your guaranteed
cumulative bonus, you
get a guaranteed cumulative bonus of 20%, which means it is
non-reversible. It will not be reversed until your claim is made.
That amount will
not be reversed until the bonus portion is used,
which is a good and great feature.
Your policy will double in 5 years. Donor
expenses up to the sub-insured will be
covered under the policy. There is no sub-limit.
Bariatric surgery will be covered after a waiting period of just two years,
which is a good
and unique feature. The domestic hospitalization
policy has up to a sum covered, and modern
treatment is also very unique. It is
covered up to a sum covered under the policy, which is a
generally good and great feature. If I talk about some other
inbuilt features, there is a
domestic road ambulance which is available up to a sum covered. There is no
capping or condition.
All day surgeries
are covered in this policy for an initial period of 2 years.  There will be a waiting period.
Talking about AYUSH treatment, AYUSH
treatment will also be covered in the Upto Some Shot policy
and if we talk about surrogacy site option, then
this is also covered in the policy which is
generally a very good feature, similarly there will be an
initial waiting period of 2 years in this also.
Talking about ambulance services, it
is covered in the Upto Some Shot policy, there
is no sub-limit and you can also book from Il Tech Care, there is no
problem, the deals and
discounts that I just told you are
already available in it.
You can avail wellness program up to 30 years in this
and the health assistant team
is available to you 24/7, you can do unlimited tele consultations,
medical underwriting is very
simple and good friends, I will
clarify that as well. Maximum two
adults and children can be taken in this,
any person above 18 years of age can
take the policy up to any age limit and the child
is covered in the policy up to 30 years of age.  Dependent
child is covered in the policy for up to 30 years, it
is a good and big feature, the policy can be taken for 1 year, 2 years,
3 years and if we
talk about standard waiting, then accident will be
covered from day one, if you take the policy then there will be a
waiting period of 30 days first and if there is a chronic
disease then it will be covered after 3 years and if there is
any specific illness which is a local disease like
stone, cataract, hernia, hernia,
files then there will be an initial waiting period of 2 years for that and
if you take a critical illness then there will be an initial
waiting period of 90 days,
this is the basic waiting period
and if we talk about sourcing guidelines then there is a
people wise premium here which is
very good, here zone A means
Pune starts with 75 lakhs and zone B and C
starts with 5 lakhs in zone B and C
your policy will start from 5 lakhs
and in zone D you will have to pay a minimum of 10 lakhs in the converted
policy and rollover
is allowed starts from 10 lakhs i.e.  If you want to do
portability, it will not start for less than Rs 10 lakh. If we
talk about tele-screening process, then all zones
are covered here. The
criteria of assisting disease will be the same. There will be tele-screening
for people up to 55 years and above. There will be only
tele-coordination.
And if the sum assured is Rs 25 lakh or more,
then all your cases will be
approved only on the basis of tele-consultation,
which is good and great. The doctor will decide whether there will be a
medical test or not on that
basis and there are some medical and writing.
If we talk about HbA1, then we will cover up to 8
in the policy. If we talk about
duration detection, then if there is
any previous concern problem for a maximum of up to 15 years, then
it will be covered. If we
talk about hyper-diemia, then the total
cholesterol should be 300. We cover up to 300
and clear LDL up to
180.
We cover obesity up to BMI up to 39 in this policy.  Friends, we cover it in the policy.
Loading will be available.
If someone has any medical concern or problem, then
loading will be there in it, the writer will
decide on that. Talking about the overall policy, it is a
very unique and wonderful policy which
you should definitely take for yourself and your family.
We provide this plan on all over India
basis. Whoever is
interested in this plan, wants some more
consultation, wants to guide, wants to talk, wants to
take a policy, then you can call us.
Hello, your friend Yogendra Ba
[Sangeet]
[Prashasa]